thirty two jagers one winner the
Skylanders tournament
hey it's zero angry gameplay HD and I am
gonna be on fire zone for this and I
think I called him fire cracking in the
last one I can't get him mixed up since
we did the little swapping here but in
his last bike he actually did really
good yeah he did really good on my last
funny I think it was kind of unequal and
then right here we ride that wave either
way your own rattle crack and that's why
we got a mixed up that's that's what we
got going over there who's gonna win
this one you know that this one's gonna
be you know I think this one's gonna be
a close fight so I don't have a
prediction on this one some of these out
with it's so hard to predict because
when they're upgraded and they're new
and Yemen you hate your swapping and
your swapping them anything can happen
so here I go it's the to fire characters
on the fire stage so you know I don't
think you got this one though cuz you
forgot about one thing this Oh Cal them
yeah but that's not gonna do that much
for you this time cuz I actually have a
- mood so you can't can't just stay
across the screen and peck away that
ain't gonna help you yeah yes that last
fight we did you know the clear can't
get out you had that clear advantage
because you could just tap away across
the screen but you can't get away from
him he's got blast zones bottom half
which is a - move and then oh wow yeah
even let me pop up yet that is doing
some serious damage right I don't even
need his top half got that - going on
come on my god how much does it take to
get you out of here I don't know what
his defense is but yeah he's pretty
beastly yeah that's the only thing I
worry about that little stupid snake
snagging away of it well
I'm gonna use that snake in my Vantage
for sure oh man there we go this one I
told you this one's gonna be stayin
alive stayin alive oh yeah that sucks
yeah oh that might be the difference
maker right there cuz I wasn't expecting
that to happen whatever one is tied up
yeah snakes tapping away on my for sure
yeah oh we're gonna break it down in the
bottom oh no I didn't even know who won
that until it was over
oh wow that's probably that's the
closest fight we've had I think ah
disappointing either way good match the
pain alright up next we're gonna have
lava barf versus star strike stay tuned
for that it's a zero anger gameplay HD
and thanks for stopping by